---
title: NICE Challenge 1 Write-up
author:
  name: Robert Head
  link: https://github.com/n1ghtx0w1
date: 2022-01-27 23:00:00 -0600
categories: [CyberSecurity, NICE Challenge]
tags: [nice, blue team, cyber, defense, security, cybersecurity, infosec, cyber defense, wgu, cyber security club, apache, pfsense]
image:
  src: https://1c7fab3im83f5gqiow2qqs2k-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/system-hacked.jpg
  width: 1000   # in pixels
  height: 400   # in pixels
  alt: network down
---
   
**Summary of Today's Challenge**

I began my work, on 16-Jan-2022, by accessing my security-desk, and remoting into web-dev via ssh to 172.16.20.11.  Immediately I made a backup of the docker container running wordpress with the following: 

 ```shell
$ docker save wordpress -o ~/wp-backup.tar 
```

I then navigated into /etc/apache2/sites-enabled on the devweb server, and removed symlinks by removing osticket.conf with command:

 ```shell
$ sudo rm osticket.conf
```

Then I restarted apache2 by the following:

```shell
$ sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
```

I was then able to access the wordpress admin panel at devweb.daswebs.com/wp-login.  Once logged into the wordpress panel, I, was then able to update wordpress from 5.5.1 to 5.8.3 from the dashboard.  Then I navigated to the plugins panel, and installed the Stop User Enumeration plugin.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

At this point I moved onto setting up the pfsense firewall by navigating to http://172.31.2.2, and removing the snort addon  from system > package manager > installed packages.  I then re-added the snort addon, and reinstalled the openvm tools.    

------------------------------------------------------------------------

After completing the above task I moved onto nessus ssh problems by connecting through ssh into the backup server located at 172.16.30.79.  Then I opened up the /etc/ssh/ssh_config and /etc/ssh/sshd_config and removed the weak encryption outlined in the nessus report.  To get this working, I restarted the ssh services by using the following commands:

 ```shell
$ sudo systemctl ssh.service restart 

$ sudo systemctl sshd.service restart
```
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Observing my pcap with wireshark showed a lot of traffic on the internal network with attention specific to port 22.  I setup a snort rule in pfsense to alert about this activity as follows:

> alert tcp $EXTERNAL_NET any -> $HOME_NET 22 (msg: "SSH Detected"; sid:10; rev:1;)

`This did not work: mission critical` 

---

Each NICE Challenge has the following core elements: a narrative-driven scenario, a business environment (workspace), and a set of technical objectives and/or a written deliverable. Each of these elements is developed to immerse the player (student) in a real-world experience and create a valuable set of data allowing their curator (educator) to judge their readiness for the workforce.

*About The [NICE](https://nice-challenge.com/) Challenge Project*

