---
title: Into 2022
author:
  name: Robert Head
  link: https://github.com/n1ghtx0w1
date: 2022-01-27 08:55:00 -0600
categories: [Blogging, Education]
tags: [new year, goals, wgu, cyber security club, python, golang, ruby, ctf, md, motivation]
image:
  src: https://spaceflightnow.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/0e34d218cdf1b1b09883c239672848cb-2.jpg
  width: 1000   # in pixels
  height: 400   # in pixels
  alt: rocket ship
pin: true
---

I wanted to make sure that this year was unlike any other, and here we are!  I started this, blog type site, so that I'd focus more on the following:

- Notes
- Writeups
- Walkthroughs
- Organization

## Encouraging

I knew when I started down this path it wouldn’t be easy, encouraged, by the knowledge that I obtain.  Some of you may know that I started back into school recently, and that decision led me into a fantastic “Cyber Club”.  I’ve been learning a lot from everyone, and figured it was a good time to start documenting my education further.

## Life

Aside from being a member of the cyber club, there is still work, family life, and then my hobbies.  The CTF (capture the flag) platforms.  I still work with friend(s) on those platforms, as I learn, and hope to better document everything.  It’s been an urgent mission to get better at taking notes, and doing my own CTF writeups.

## Get Better

Then, there is always the desire to become better with code.  I wanted to be a developer as a tennager, but focused my attention towards another career.  Well, I am back! I want to go `deeper` than I ever have with multiple programming languages; however, I’m going to start with focusing on just one primary language.  I’ll probably write a blog about that when the time comes.

```console
$ python3 golang ruby 
```

## Let's Go!

Anyway, these are some of the things that I look forward to in 2022.  I’ll utilize my [github](https://github.com/n1ghtx0w1) now to track my progress, and express myself more.  I’m using a kanban board with my fellow classmates `#accountability`, and intend to continue using everything in my arsenal to accomplish my goals going forward. 

